what is up guys Brannon here from tech
boom TV and what is this we have in
front of us this is the new iPad or the
third-generation iPad we've got it on
our desks and we will be doing a lot of
content of the new iPad now today you'll
be viewing the unboxing of this thing
and I'm just going to show you kind of
what's in it what the box looks like an
kind of what you get an a first look at
the ipad 3 so let's take a look at the
packaging you've got that nice you know
standard image on the front there and
Apple like to use one image on the front
which is really cool on the side you got
ipad at the bomb you've got iCloud then
iPad there this is actually um the Wi-Fi
and 4G version 16 gigabytes so really
nice so I can go a free g on this fella
that she says 4g there which is pretty
cool so yeah but in the UK we don't have
a 4g so let's get into this thing using
me our trusty knife all right let's see
what you get inside the box now i'm
pretty stoked to have this you know to
review and that i'm giving you guys a
lot of content of this as you see now
we've got it boxing you know we're going
to be getting reviews kind of gaming on
it just standard use and all that
so let's get into it you guys probably
card open it here we go and there it is
there it is so the main reason i
probably upgrade from the ipad 2 to the
latest version is because of the retina
display now feels very nice very slim it
is slightly heavier than the ipad 2
links various towns got a bigger camera
actually it went in person that that
camera is noticeably bigger you know you
don't really see on um pictures very
well but when you see it in front your
face there is a big difference so as put
that aside a second and see what else
you getting box you get a free pin
adapter and then you've got your little
USB connector so you can go and do a
little building pow really nice i do
like that charge us really you know
efficient small don't take up a lot of
space I'm going to pop that back in here
and then you get your standard manuals
you get a pin therefore if you've got
the 4g version or the free g version and
you've got a quick set-up guide you've
got your information guide then you've
got those famous apple sticker it's very
very nice now I'm going to put that
aside as well and then you've got your
USB there also and I've got plenty of
their my telly so here is the ipad 3 or
the new ipad so i'm going to turn it on
and it'll probably come up with a little
apple logo so let's take this off
because i hate unboxings where they
don't take off this stuff oh that felt
good just keep take off sighs i have got
a 16 gigabyte 3g version and very nice
call that black band on the top there
what proof now basically this is just
going to say okay install the stuff that
you need on here and we're red rock so
let's go ahead and quickly shoot to the
setup or let's just screw it let's go
straight to the homepage transition so
what's your first set up your new ipad
this is the first page you'll get to and
the first thing you will notice is that
everything is extremely Quist the retina
display is absolutely beautiful all the
colors are very punchy and they seem a
lot higher you know like I just said a
higher punch really everything just
looks really nice everything's very
smooth the a5x processor is very cool
and I just can't wait to get my hands on
the quad-core graphics and playing some
games on this bad boy and just general
use really so basically guys here's the
first look an unboxing of the new iPad
definitely subscribe because there will
be a lot of content on this fella and
yet there will be comparisons you know
gaming videos review all that cheers and
there will be a lot of case reviews as
well so there we go guys thanks for
watching I really appreciate if you can
click that like button that would be
very helpful to and even bear clicking
that subscribe button thanks very much
guys peace
you